GH-98897: fix memory leak if `math.dist` raises exception (#98898)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-10-31-12-34-03.gh-issue-98897.rgNn4x.rst

> Fix memory leak in :func:`math.dist` when it raises exception. Patch by Kumar Aditya.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix memory leak in :func:`math.dist` when both points don't have the same dimension. Patch by Kumar Aditya.
```

I don't think that it's useful to mention the fix on the unlikely MemoryError code path.
